You have to be more open heart. You are in appreciation, really, for greatness.
Then in the Buddha teaching, always said, in all the great Masters, "Have you gone as a human being
?"
It's so precious, so spiritual. Not just only that, we have 18 endowments.
Those who are in this room, and as well as those who are on the line,
we all have the 18 endowments, 18 lectures.
Not every human being has that, but we have.
You can list, look, and read those list of 18.
Truly, we have all that 18 in text. We are well equipped of two activated good things.
In ourself and for the others, really, every recommend that we have.
Therefore, we enjoy and throw away with that.
Today, we have the part of the teaching of the greatest teacher,
Buddha Kya Kya Muni and Guru Pia Masumbha.
Lineage of Masters, lineage of practitioners, care for this teaching, authentic teaching,
stainless teaching, unspoiled teaching, undefiled and deluded teachings.
The natural of the voting teachings, of the love, kindness, compassion, and the wisdom.
That we can nourish ourselves. This love and compassion are versatile.
And this kindness is nothing alien. This is our trait.
When we activated and practiced the teaching, we glorified our goodness, our dignity.
That's really it is.
So therefore, practicing Dharma is win-win situation.
Win now, win the future, win ourself, win others.
It's not
peace, mellow, soothing, calming.
That's what the teaching is.
The greatest teacher, Buddha Kya Kya Muni teaching,
and that's what all those great masters practiced.
I often say those great, we call great masters.
They're not just great masters, born with that.
They all practiced and meditated.
What they've taught Buddha, they practiced and meditated on the loving kindness,
concave of both each other.
That's what they've become.
There will be honors in kind of reality, external level.
They're humble, simple, drawn to the earth.
They don't have the least intellectualist, the billionaires of the materials, all that.
Many of them sitting in the hermitage, in the caves, on the mountains.
But yet, they've become the glories of the old.
Everyone is leading them.
The golden mountains, in every direction.
We all admire and we all praise their achievement.
Where they are, or where they were, and where they've acted,
and where they've taught, where they keep the legacy and the example taught to us.
Those are all great masters.
Really, that's what we need.
Jewel and appreciation.
Humble and assemble.
Or practice.
Not clapping the egos and kind of activating that.
That's what, for that reason, the great master, his only union will say it in the teaching.
There's four trails of the practice.
Four trails, four wells.
W-E-A-L-T-H, I believe.
Four wells.
First is, is, generally, everything kind of, not too much grasping, clinging to everything.
Because everything is really going to change.
There's nothing is going to last.
So therefore, soft heart and soft mind, mind and soft thought, is one of the wealth.
One of the wealth, soft heart, soft thought.
And then, and all respect and appreciation.
Second wealth is respect and appreciation among Sangha members, to each other.
Your friends, your family, Sangha members, who is associated with directly that.
Have fewer resurgence, all can find a nice port.
That's the second.
Third is, is, compassion for all beings of six realms, have been bodhijattva.
For all living beings, that's heart rate.
And the fourth treasure is devotion, confidence, pain in three duels, and lineage.
With joy and appreciation.
Those who are the great masters, he's holding to the union room and he says,
those are the everlasting treasures of the practitioners.
And we have that treasure in our heart and mind.
Our practicing is going in quite good directions.
Really good directions.
We are going to be well equipped, we are going to be well equipped with the spiritual.
So therefore, this is so important and so special for us.
And it's together with that.
That, and then, bodhijattva thought for all living beings.
And that is already, you know, and I'm going to explain that.
I'm not going to remind you that.
And again he's going to talk that.
So bodhijattva for all the same living beings.
And then the third motivation is, this teaching, what we're going to discuss,
is teaching of the vediyana.
Vediyana teaching, as we discussed last night, oh yes, you know,
everything is in the medalla of the divine.
Everything is in the medallas.
Not, vediyana teaching is not looking through the grasping perceptions,
looking through the pure perception states.
And behold, the pure perception states where things are.
That means the pure perception state of the enlightened mind.
Looking through the universe and all through the enlightened mind.
The enlightened mind of the Buddha mind will look.
All is enlightened.
So that's what the reality is.
Everything is enlightened and apart from the states.
So though I'm known as three various states, of course,
called vediyana, vedaira form, vedaira song, vedaira speech.
That, why called vediyana?
Because that, this realization of that pure form, song,
the spirit cannot be deluded by the dualities.
Whether duality, ignorance, understand that not is not going to change anything.
Reality, nature is reality.
Nothing can change.
For that reason is called vedaira or the indestructible.
Indestructible by, indestructible by the duality and the graspings.
So that, have that realization, those thoughts, intentions.
Strongly that, with this, then we go to the sadhana of the medyukin, that.